[20497] Add related versions table (#652)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/installation/sources/sources_linux.rst

* :ref:`gtest_sl` [optional]
* :ref:`pythonreq_sl` [optional]

.. seealso::
  For further information about this Fast DDS version dependencies and other products related versions, please check

>   the Fast DDS :ref:`related_versions` section.

Reviewer: If the suggestion  about the name of the `related_versions` section is applied, please change also here. Moreover, if we change the name we can refer directly to the specific section inside the page, i.e. `Build time dependencies`

* :ref:`gtest_sl` [optional]
* :ref:`pythonreq_sl` [optional]

.. seealso::

>     For further information about this Fast DDS version dependencies and other products related versions, please check

Reviewer 2: Applies to all sources instructions
```suggestion
    For further information about this Fast DDS version dependencies, as well as for the corresponding versions of other related products, please refer to
```

    *Fast DDS-Gen* introduced support for Gradle 7 in release v2.2.0.
    Gradle 8 is not yet supported.

.. seealso::

>     For further information about Fast DDS-Gen products related versions, please check the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For further information about Fast DDS-Gen product related versions, please refer to the
```
